RISK GAME USE CASES - 

YOUR TURN - 

1.TURN -  you get new units on each turn and you have to reinforce them on the board only on your terriroties
	a. you get particaular no of units for particular continents you hold
	b. + you get terretory%3 number of units. cannot be lower than 3. atleast 3 is guaranteed.
	c. + return territory card sets or wild card. no of units here depends on which colum is the golden cavalry is

2.COMBAT- you can attack if you want
	a. attach any no of times on any territory and call it off any time.
	b. can attack till last unit
	c. can attack more than one territory
	d battle is one roll of a dice. there can be any number of battles in an invasion
	c. can attack only adjacent territories 
	d. atleast two units in territory coz one has to always stay at home 
	e. one battle can have maximum of 3 units sent
	f. defence can only be done with 2 units maximum
	g. roll dices. equal to the number of units and compare with defender. if you have higher you win and his unit is defeatd and taken off the board.
	h. after battle is over, remaining units return to thier territories
	i. after any battle, the attacker can call off the invasion, invade a new territory, invade a territory u attacked earlier or end combat part of turn
3. Winning an Invasion and moving in
	a. you win when u defeat all enemy units and now u can move ur battle units into this territory or other units too. can do this before new invasion
4. Eliminating other player
	a. you eliminate him when u defeat all his units.
	b. you get all his territory cards
	c. if you have 5 or more territoy cards u have to turn them in and get reinforcements for them
5. Fortify your position
	a. after finished attacing you g
	et one free move where you can move any no of units from one of your territory to another, but connected territories. always leave one behind.

6. Collect Territory Card
	a. if you win any number of territories, then you can collect one and only one territory card. if you lose, you dont get one.

7. WIN
	a. You win if you are the last man standing and you control all 42 territories.
